# cs330
For my final project I chose a desk with different objects such as a keyboard, small plant, computer, and cup. When I started the project, I thought that it would be simpler than some other scenes to render in openGL. I was wrong. One of the biggest problems I had was with the virtual lab. I spend hours trying to get my code to read the files needed to run the program. For some reason in the virtual lab, they have they openGL folder in the C drive labeled as _openGL and it was causing a huge issue. Once I fixed the naming in the C drive everything seemed to work great but it was discouraging. Even SNHU IT wasn’t helpful with that but thankfully I figured it out on my own. It did however suck up A LOT of time from my project.  

I think going through the milestones during the earlier weeks was helpful, but I wasn’t prepared for how to do these with different objects and shapes. I really struggled with this final project. I was able to find some helpful resources that enabled me to create the h and cpp files needed for the shapes though. For instance, I needed a cylinder for the cup on my desk. I was able to include this shape in my project but had a very difficult time figuring out how to get it to render in my 3D scene. I spent countless hours researching, going over the videos and resources and even hired a tutor to try and help me. In the end I just ran out of time. I do feel like I did learn a lot but not enough to make the final project the way I wanted to. I was able to get my plane to render as well as the pyramid I was going to use for the plant. I am happy with that at least. I had trouble figuring out how to add different textures too, but I did try my best, unfortunately time was just not my friend. I think that if I had to take this class again, I would prefer in person. There is just so much to learn with openGL and not enough time to learn it all in 7 weeks. It’s interesting but not really my passion with CS. I think that all the headaches and hours of wasted time kind of put a damper on my initial interest in it. 

One of the things I think I am proud of is that I do understand the basic camera functions used to navigate the 3D scene. My tutor was helpful in explaining that section of code to me and I was able to figure it out. I think by making the shapes into their own files helped to organize my code more too. When I first started, I was putting everything into main, but it was getting so long and hard to find the code I was looking for. The problem with that was trying to get them to work together and render though. 

